Over the last lectures we had a detailed look at the basic building blocks of mjr X and how we can use
it in our application shopping unlaced part of our application is now pretty much fully managed by NTR
acts by our state.
We set up here in the reducers for which you didn't use in the reducer as an initial state and then
for every new action as well.
State to build up on all Allred's user functions to edit the stake.
And of course all the actions where we can dispatch.
And finally in various components like the shopping component we also select slices of the state to
subscribe to it and to get that state from our store to use it.
Now again with that shopping list part is pretty much finished.
We started with that because it was eagerly loaded.
That means not lazy loaded as you can see in the routing file.
Now we all know if you recipe's module where we do we use laser loading.
And I can already say using NCR X There also isn't that difficult but I don't want to start with it.
Instead we got one Obert area in this application where we could work on and that is t of S..
We got some indication fellated state for example if the user is authenticated or the token of d of
indicated user which he currently stored in that service.
Now it would make sense to also outsource this to energy x and use a reducer for the authentication
area.
Use some actions we can dispatch like sign up sign in and try to manage this via and x.
One special thing we'll have to deal with is the fact that we're actually also have asynchronous operations.
We reach out to firebase to create a new account or sign the user in and even though we haven't learned
it yet asynchronous operations can't be handled inside reducers reducers should take a state as an input
and then output a new state and that has to happen synchronously.
So here an hour reduce or function for each case we check.
We have to return a state immediately.
We can't return a promise which eventually gives us a state.
So that is something we'll have to work on.
Nonetheless feel free to at least start with setting up the off state management by for example creating
a reducer file.
Even though you don't know how to handle the HTP access but create the basic file decide what you would
put into a state there and what actions you might need.
And over the next lectures will built this to gabber.
So let's dive into this.